fix: category search results not scrollable (#9029)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-05-05-fix-category-search-results-not-scrollable.md

---

> title: Fix category search results not scrollable

Reviewer: Missing issue number

---
# Administration

> * Changed `method` `getBreadcrumb` in `sw-category-tree-field` component to check `breadcrumb` empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `getBreadcrumb` method in `sw-category-tree-field` component to update the `breadcrumb` check.
```
